
1. Bunny CDN migration (Right now the site uses Cloudinary to serve images and video. I need it to change to bunnyCDN.) 

2. Watermarking implementation (All content viewed on the site must be watermarked with the user ID of the person viewing it. I will give you a python script that applies a watermark to images. That script must be adapted to apply the watermark to each frame of videos. It needs to process all images and videos (including pfps and cover photos) with the userID of the person viewing it. There should be some database to avoid reprocessing data for viewers who see the same things repeatedly, like pfps for example, but the database cannot include all the processed content, becuase it would grow too large. There must be some limited about of saved watermarked processed content for each viewer. There needs to be a progress bar showing how long it will take to process videos, because some of those will take along time. Ideally there would be a button with a time estimation for processing time on the videos so the person can decide whether to click to start the watermark processing. It will need to use a vast.ai API to handle these processing jobs faster, because with many users there will be too much processing.) 

3. Signup/login flow with toggle and popup (Right now there is a check box for “view content”. Instead there needs to be a toggle button for Signup as a fan/creator. If the person signs up as a fan then it is like if they checked the “view content” box, and there is one additional document upload required. If they signup as a creator, then they don't need to upload the financial vetting document and they will be unable to view any content. Only users who passed the financial vetting document can view content. So there needs to be this toggle at signup. If the person signs up as a fan then there should be a popup in the flow that says the following text: "FansSecret is a private fansite. It is not like the other fansites. If you copy, screenshot, photograph, or in any other way share content from FansSecret outside of FansSecret, we will pursue legal action against you." The whole process needs to be checked for bugs and flow. 

4. Sumsub integration: Right now new users upload an ID and a selfie and one other document. That goes into an admin dashboard that I will then use to put the photo uploads into sumsub to verify the IDs. I need the sumsub integration to be automatic. So it should trigger the sumsub facescanning and ID upload system automatically. Everything checked for bugs and flow. Basically just integrate sumsub for User management and ID management. I am not sure if it is possible to get rid of kinde or not and only use sumsub, or if you want to use both. I am open to either approach, but I need the sumsub ID management system. 

5. Monthly subscriptions: The site has a credit purchase system. Users buy credits and then spend those credits with other users. Right now it is setup for only spending credits to purchase images and videos. The users will be able to also purchase monthly subscriptions. So the creators can set a monthly price to subscribe to their profile, or they can set it to be free to follow. They can also set individual prices on videos and images, but that is already finished. It’s just the monthly credit charges that are needed to be created. 

6. Messaging: The messaging system has a series of buttons to attach an image/video, price to view, etc. Those buttons don’t work. The image and video attachment must only allow something to be sent if it has already passed the admin approval as a post. So there is vault, which is all the content that the person has posted and had previously approved. They will be able to send images and videos from the vault, because those things are already approved. If they want to send something new, then it will go through the same approvals process that posts do. Right now I think those buttons done’t work for message sending. 

7. NOWpayments USDT creator payouts: The site uses NOWpayments to handle the credit sales. So the user pays with NOWpayments and then their credit is topped up. The users who receive payments in the app… ie. when people spend their credits… get earnings. The users need to be able to payout their earnings to their own USDT wallet. NOWpayments has this feature, but it just needs to be implemented. A creator can payout their earnings to a USDT wallet. There needs to be a place for them to enter their USDT wallet address 

8. Beautiful polish (bug and flow checking): There are some issues with blue buttons and weird lines.
